docs: image resizing guide (#10747)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/storage/image-resizing.mdx

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  id: 'storage-image-resizing',
  title: 'Storage Image Resizing',
  description: 'Resize images with Storage',
  sidebar_label: 'Image Transformation',
}

Supabase Storage offers the functionality to transform and resize images dynamically. Any image stored in your buckets can be transformed and optimized for fast delivery.

<Admonition type="note">
  Image Resizing is currently in beta and enabled for [PRO tiers and above](https://supabase.com/pricing).
</Admonition>

### Get a public URL for a transformed image

You can pass a `transform` option to the functions you are currently using to interact with your objects. This returns the public URL that serves the resized image.

```ts

> supabase.storage.from('bucket').getPublicUrl('image.jpg', {
>     transform: {
>         width: 500,
>         height: 600,
>     }
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supabase.storage.from('bucket').getPublicUrl('image.jpg', {
  transform: {
    width: 500,
    height: 600,
  }
})
```

```

An example URL could look like this:

`https://project_id.supabase.co/storage/v1/render/image/public/bucket/image.jpg?width=500&height=600`

### Signing URLs - With transformation options

To share a transformed image for a fixed amount of time, provide the transform options when you create the signed URL:

```ts
supabase.storage.from('bucket').createSignedUrl('image.jpg', 60000, {
    transform: {
       width: 200,
       height: 200,
    }
})
```

The transformation options are embedded into the token—they cannot be changed once signed.

### Downloading images

To download a transformed image, pass the `transform` option to the `download` function.

```ts

> supabase.storage.from('bucket').download('image.jpg', {
>     transform: {
>          width: 800,
>          height: 300,
>     }
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supabase.storage.from('bucket').download('image.jpg', {
  transform: {
    width: 800,
    height: 300,
  }
})
```

import Layout from '~/layouts/DefaultGuideLayout'

export const meta = {
  id: 'storage-image-resizing',
  title: 'Storage Image Resizing',
  description: 'Resize images with Storage',
  sidebar_label: 'Image Transformation',
}

Supabase Storage offers the functionality to transform and resize images dynamically. Any image stored in your buckets can be transformed and optimized for fast delivery.

> <Admonition type="note">
>     Image Resizing is currently in beta and enabled for PRO tiers and above
> </Admonition>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Admonition type="note">
  Image Resizing is currently in beta and enabled for [PRO tiers and above](https://supabase.com/pricing).
</Admonition>
```

> ### Get a public URL for a Transformed image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get a public URL for a transformed image
```

You can pass a `transform` option to the functions you are currently using to interact with your objects. This returns the public URL that serves the resized image.

```ts
supabase.storage.from('bucket').getPublicUrl('image.jpg', {
    transform: {
        width: 500,
        height: 600,
    }
})
```

An example URL could look like this:

`https://project_id.supabase.co/storage/v1/render/image/public/bucket/image.jpg?width=500&height=600`

### Signing URLs - With transformation options

To share a transformed image for a fixed amount of time, provide the transform options when you create the signed URL:

```ts
supabase.storage.from('bucket').createSignedUrl('image.jpg', 60000, {
    transform: {
       width: 200,
       height: 200,
    }
})
```

> The transformation options are embedded into the token, they cannot be changed once signed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The transformation options are embedded into the token—they cannot be changed once signed.
```

> ### Downloading Images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Downloading images
```

> To download a transformed image, pass the `transform` option to the `download` function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download a transformed image, pass the `transform` option to the `download` function.
```

```ts
supabase.storage.from('bucket').download('image.jpg', {
    transform: {
         width: 800,
         height: 300,
    }
})
```

## Transformation options

> We currently support a few transformation options focusing on resizing & cropping.
> We have plans to increase the transformation types available in a later release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We currently support a few transformation options focusing on resizing and cropping images.
```

### Resizing

You can use `width` and `height` parameters to resize an image to a specific dimension. If only one parameter is specified, the image will be resized and cropped, maintaining the aspect ratio.

### Modes

You can use different resizing modes to fit your needs, each of them uses a different approach to resize the image:

Use the `resize` parameter with one of the following values:

- `cover` : resizes the image while keeping the aspect ratio to fill a given size and crops projecting parts. (default)

- `contain` : resizes the image while keeping the aspect ratio to fit a given size.

- `fill` : resizes the image without keeping the aspect ratio.

Example:

```ts

> supabase.storage.from('bucket').download('image.jpg', {
>     transform: {
>          width: 800,
>          height: 300,
>          resize: 'contain' // 'cover' | 'fill'
>     }
> })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supabase.storage.from('bucket').download('image.jpg', {
  transform: {
    width: 800,
    height: 300,
    resize: 'contain' // 'cover' | 'fill'
  }
})
```
